plan 

read question from ambition
start the projet
reveise algorithm and sql


Wipro , Capgemini
 
Q1. what is channel explain difference type of buffered and unbuffered?

  
  channel is keyword to communicate the goroutine. 
  there are two type of channel one is Buffer channel and unbuffer channel 
  
  Buffer channel has capacity and this will block when buffer is full.

  unbuffer doesn't have capacity.unbuffered channel, it blocks until there is a    corresponding receiver goroutine ready to receive the value.


Q2. basics program on goroutines.expalin goroutine.explain parallisum and concurrency?

 
concurrency is dealing multiple task

parallisum is doing with mulitiple task.


go func(){



}{}

Q3. design pattersns explain and write a program on singelton?

  The singleton pattern ensures that a class(struct) has only one instance(object), and provides a global point of access to it.


Q4. difference between microservice and monolithic you work an any payment?


 monolithic :

       a monolithic architecture, all the components of the application, such as the API, controllers, and database access logic, are typically contained within a single codebase or file. This can lead to a large and tightly coupled codebase.


microservice:=

     microservices architecture breaks down the application into smaller, independent services, where each service is responsible for a specific functionality or feature. Each microservice usually has its own codebase and can be deployed, scaled, and updated independently




Q5. explain your project how do you work on unit testing?




Q6. define array and slice?

     Array having the fixed size and slice is not like that.
     it is expandable.



Q7. Why we use go,advantages of golang,does any other language support garbage collection,go routines why we use'multithreading ?

 * Go is a fast, efficient, and built-in concurrency features.

  * Go routines allow for easy and efficient concurrency without the need for   traditional multithreading.

  * Auto Garpage collection

  * Concurrency in Go can lead to parallelism, especially when running on multicore processors, 


Q8. can we return difference data type and how ,what architeture you worked in your project,does go have oops concepts?


  *an we return difference data type and how? - by using interface

  *what architeture you worked in your project? - Microservice.

  *does go have oops concepts? - yes struct and methods and embading srtuct and polymorphism (one interface method implemented by different struct)


Q9. What is complicity faced in your project write a program on sorting


    




 